We find here a gorgeous Farming Sim, with stunning visuals, a familiar space to players of Animal Crossings and Stardew Valley with its tool wheel, crops, day-night cycle (or should I say night-day?), and plethora of activities. The most recent demo is worth looking into! And yes, you can pet the cat who sits right besides you on the bench as well as the other animals (and other creatures!) roaming your land!


---{ Graphics }---
☐ You forget what reality is
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS


---{ Gameplay }---
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't

Introducing a fun and just superbly implemented way to traverse over obstacles certain fences, is the "bat mode". As a vampire, turning into a bat and beiong able to fly across rocks, fallen trees, fences, and avoiding the speed reduction from walking through high grass, it's clear that the developers are fully invested in the game's theme. This also shows that instead of only slapping a vampire aesthetic over a farming sim, they are building a rich story that cares about details of how life as a farmer would actually be if your bed is a beautifully crafted mahogany coffin and your ever following you pet is a black cat with three eyes that demands attention and petting.

---{ Audio }---
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf

Audio design for actions is pretty good, no in-game music yet.


---{ Audience }---
☑ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☑ Grandma


---{ PC Requirements }---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☑ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer


---{ Difficulty }---
☐ Just press 'W'
☑ Easy
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

Game recommended to play with a controller but there are plenty of pre-setup configrations for gaming with keyboard and mouse that work really well.


---{ Grind }---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☑ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding

Devs provide multitude of tools, resources, and tips early on, probably due to this being a demo and to give the player the opportunity to try out several of the already developed mechanics in place.


---{ Story }---
☐ No Story
☑ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life

Cleverly, the game has provided a way to restrict the player from accessing other sections of town, probably due to their development stage by using an NPC to guard your farmland's exit while letting you roam free inside. Will update when more content is released.


---{ Game Time }---
Still progressing through the story, will update later.


---{ Price }---
☐ It's free!
☐ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

Game is worth the price, as it looks a lot cleaner than most Indie games priced similarly. There's clearly a lot more effort and care placed into aspects such as artwork, gameplay, quality of life features that makes it stand out.


---{ Bugs }---
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs

Encountered a minor bug by looking at the poor cat attempting for several minutes to pass right through a fence post. The poor thing. 


---{ 8 / 10 }---
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☑ 8
☐ 9
☐ 10

Game is very fun, the visuals are quite appealing, and it just gives a very good sense of belonging even though its unlikely we can relate to being vampires. For now. 8/10.

---{ Nice-to-have Features }---
After playing for a bit, these are some features I would love for them to find their way into the final release.

☐ Organize button for items in inventory and storage locations
☐ A quick press of a button to remove the tool currently being held 
☐ Gates. I'd prefer to create enclosed areas for different animals, but the use of certain fences doesn't allow for any way to cross over them, even in "bat" mode. Some of these fences are just too pretty to lose them as a potential enclosure for my farm animals!
